fix: deadline issue (competition 309) (#644)
morpho-org/vault-v2: README.md

Looping through all markets to compute the total assets is not realistic in the general case.
This differs from Vault v1, where total assets were automatically computed from the vault's underlying allocations.
As a result, in Vault v2, curators are responsible for monitoring the vault’s total assets and setting an appropriate interest rate.
The interest rate is set through the Vic, a contract responsible for returning the `interest` used to accrue interest.
The rate returned by the Vic must be below `200% APR`.

> The vault interest controller can typically be simple smart contract storing the `interestPerSecond`, whose value is regularly set by the curator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vault interest controller can typically be simple smart contract storing the interest per second, whose value is regularly set by the curator.
```
